Version=---201216_rels:51d5bee--*main--210222_2108---
++INTRODUCTION++
The packet msess realized http server for single page application.
That is the packet assumes that a -USER- (a ultimate user of the -SYSTEM-) by mean of any program invoked
the index page (with the path "/") only and only once for duration their interaction with the -SYSTEM-. 

The central notion here is an -AGENT-, that is set of functionality which are provided with the index page and
through wich a -USER- performs all business tasks for that the -SYSTEM- is intended

It is important to see that -AGENT- is not a program (for example, a browser) on some host that the some person starts
with perpose to do some business tasks. Through the program he but runs the functionality
that was obtained with the index page.

An -AGENT- is a part of the -SYSTEM-. As such it cannot be arbitrary dispite theoretical ability to perform
some or all business tasks. That is the -AGENT- has been developed as a special part of the -SYSTEM- and -SERVER- as
the main part of the -SYSTEM- can check and checks that requests are come from a legal -AGENT-.


This file determines terms (with their definitions) that describ features of the msess packet.
This assumes terms of "http server", "http clinet" in their common mean.

++INTRODUCTION++ #end of INTRODUCTION



--LOGGING--
1. if a programer have not deny logging and there have been an error of creating it then GreateHub returns error.
2. LogsDir (string) carry a directory where log files are being placed.
It may be empty, in this case the files will be placed into the working directory.
Othewise it must be ended by "/" or "\" in depending of the platform.
--AGENT--
A http server may be a part of a -SYSTEM-. In this case it may take http requests from a trusted http clients only, those are named as AGENT.
 A common http client which is not a AGENT always will receive the status code 403 and only an AGENT can receive another code.
That is the server can checks that this cliet was mandated by the SERVER to interact with it.
It is necessary to understand that an AGENT is not a -USER-: many users can interact with the SYSTEM through an one AGENT.
Two requests are considered to belogn the same agent when combination of the remote address and User-Agent http header is the same. 
Absence or emptyness its User-Agent header is considered as having the value of "".
That is in that case agents may be different only because of its remote address.
--HIJACKED_REQUEST-- they are http requests which are intercought
by the packet and are fulfilled. There are such requests:
/ping /login /ws /logout
Those requests are defined inside the packet and are performed internally notwithstanding any external conditions.
But they themself may check those conditions and change their behavior.
It is necessary to take attention that a programmer may make handlers for those requests, but will be that handlers invoked or no entirely depends on their internal realization. For example a programmer's "/ping" will never be invoked.
The -HIJACKED_REQUEST- requests like -OUTSESSION_REQEST- requests have not to be sent by an -AGENT- to be performed.
--OUTSESSION_REQEST-- It is a request which is passed to the programmer handler without checking any conditions.
--SYSTEM--
The system is unity of a http server and its special clients called AGENTs.
--CALLBACK--
Those are functions what wrote by a -PROGRAMER- and is passed by him into the packet for execution. All such function are invoked through envelope function which intercepts panics and interrupts execution after elapsing the timeout. See api.-CallBakTimeout-


