Version=---201216_rels:da21c61--*main--201229_0711---
INTRODUCTION
This file determines terms (with their definitions) that describ features of the ksess packet.
The packet is a framework that offers some restriction for a http server. Namely they are:
- realising --SYSTEM--
- realising --SESSION--
This assums terms of "http server", "http clinet" in their common mean.

--LOGGING--
1. if a programer have not deny logging and there have been an error of creating it then GreateHub returns error.
2. LogsDir (string) carry a directory where log files are being placed.
It may be empty, in this case the files will be placed into the working directory.
Othewise it must be ended by "/" or "\" in depending of the platform.
--AGENT--
A http server may be a part of a -SYSTEM-. In this case it may take http requests from a trusted http clients only, those are named as AGENT.
 A common http client which is not a AGENT always will receive the status code 403 and only an AGENT can receive another code.
That is the server can checks that this cliet was mandated by the SERVER to interact with it.
It is necessary to understand that an AGENT is not a -USER-: many users can interact with the SYSTEM through an one AGENT.
Two requests are considered to belogn the same agent when combination of the remote address and User-Agent http header is the same. 
Absence or emptyness its User-Agent header is considered as having the value of "".
That is in that case agents may be different only because of its remote address.
--HIJACKED_REQUEST-- they are http requests which are intercought
by the packet and are fulfilled. There are such requests:
/ping /login /ws /logout
Those requests are defined inside the packet and are performed internally notwithstanding any external conditions.
But they themself may check those conditions and change their behavior.
It is necessary to take attention that a programmer may make handlers for those requests, but will be that handlers invoked or no entirely depends on their internal realization. For example a programmer's "/ping" will never be invoked.
The -HIJACKED_REQUEST- requests like -OUTSESSION_REQEST- requests have not to be sent by an -AGENT- to be performed.
--OUTSESSION_REQEST-- It is a request which is passed to the programmer handler without checking any conditions.
--SYSTEM--
The system is unity of a http server and its special clients called AGENTs.
--CALLBACK--
Those are functions what wrote by a -PROGRAMER- and is passed by him into the packet for execution. All such function are invoked through envelope function which intercepts panics and interrupts execution after elapsing the timeout. See api.-CallBakTimeout-


